docker-compose/docker-compose-injistack/Add-New-Usecase-Using-PostgresPlugin.md, before:

## Note: This Document is just a draft. More simplified setu steps will be added as an enhancement.
# Adding a new usecase to Docker Compose Injistack
This document outlines the steps to add a new usecase using the Postgres Data Provider Plugin to the Docker Compose setup for Injistack.

# Current Usecases
Current usecases include:

## Farmer Usecase:
1. Config file: [certify-csvdp-farmer.properties](../../docker-compose/docker-compose-injistack/certify-csvdp-farmer.properties)
2. Plugin Used: mock-certify-plugin
3. Plugin mode: `Data Provider`
4. Conditional Property Name: 
   - `mosip.certify.integration.data-provider-plugin` : `MockCSVDataProviderPlugin`
5. Mounted config file of the current usecase in the `docker-compose.yml` file under the `certify` service under `volumes` section:
   - Example:
     ```
     services:
       certify:
         ...
         volumes:
           - ./config/certify-postgres-landregistry.properties:/home/mosip/config/certify-farmer-csvdp.properties
     ```

## New Usecase Setup
## New usecase setup using Postgres Plugin:
1. Usecase Name: `Land Registry Usecase`
2. VC Types: `RegistrationReceiptCredential`, `LandRegistryCredential`

# Steps to Add a New Usecase
1. Add the property config file for the new usecase `certify-postgres-landregistry.properties` in the [config](../../docker-compose/docker-compose-injistack/config) directory.
2. Plugin to be used: `postgres-dataprovider-plugin`
3. Plugin mode: `Data Provider`
4. Conditional Property Name:
   - `mosip.certify.integration.data-provider-plugin` : `PostgresDataProviderPlugin`
5. Mount the config file of the new usecase by adding it to the `docker-compose.yml` file under the `certify` service under `volumes` section:
   - Example:
     ```
     services:
       certify:
         ...
         volumes:
           - ./config/certify-postgres-landregistry.properties:/home/mosip/config/certify-postgres-landregistry.properties
     ```
   
6. Update the `active_profile_env` to use the postgres-landregistry usecase by updating the following line to the `docker-compose.yml` file under the `certify` service under `environment` section:
   ```
   environment:
     - active_profile_env=default, certify-postgres-landregistry
   ```
     

# Add the scripts to create tables and insert data for the usecase specific tables.
1. In the [certify_init.sql](../../docker-compose/docker-compose-injistack/certify_init.sql) file, add the SQL scripts to create the necessary tables and insert data for the new usecase.
   ```
        CREATE TABLE CERTIFY.registration_receipt_data (
        ...
        );
   
       CREATE TABLE CERTIFY.statement_data (
        ...
        );
   
        INSERT INTO CERTIFY.registration_receipt_data 
        (...) 
        VALUES 
        (...);
   
        INSERT INTO CERTIFY.statement_data 
        (...) 
        VALUES 
        (...);
    ```

2. The id or primary key field for the above insert statements should be a valid UIN available in the mock-identity-system if using esignet as the auth provider.
   
2. Use the Credential-Config APIs to add new VC type to the credential_config table
    - Use the `POST /v1/credential-configurations` API to add the new VC type.
      ```
      "/credential-configurations": {
      "post": {
        "tags": [
          "credential-config-controller"
        ],
        "operationId": "addCredentialConfiguration",
        "requestBody": {
          "content": {
            "application/json": {
              "schema": {
                "$ref": "#/components/schemas/CredentialConfigurationDTO"
              }
            }
          },
          "required": true
        },
        "responses": {
          "200": {
            "description": "OK",
            "content": {
              "application/json": {
                "schema": {
                  "$ref": "#/components/schemas/CredentialConfigResponse"
                }
              }
            }
          }
        }
      }
      ```

3. Request Structure: CredentialConfigurationDTO
   ```
   {
    "credentialConfigKeyId": "RegistrationReceiptCredential",
    "vcTemplate": "",
    "keyManagerAppId": "CERTIFY_VC_SIGN_ED25519",
    "keyManagerRefId": "ED25519_SIGN",
    "signatureAlgo": "EdDSA",
    "context": [
        "https://www.w3.org/2018/credentials/v1",
        "https://mosip.github.io/inji-config/contexts/landregistry-registration-receipt-context.json"
    ],
    "credentialType": [
        "VerifiableCredential",
        "RegistrationReceiptCredential"
    ],
    "credentialFormat": "ldp_vc",
    "didUrl": "did:web:mosip.github.io:inji-config:dev-int-inji:landregistry-ed25519#key-0",
    "display": [{
        "name": "REGISTRATION RECEIPT OF THE RURAL PROPERTY IN CAR",
        "locale": "en",
        "logo": {
        "url": "https://mosip.github.io/inji-config/logos/agro-vertias-logo.png",
        "alt_text": "Registration Receipt Credential logo"
        },
        "background_image": { "uri": "https://mosip.github.io/inji-config/logos/agro-vertias-logo.png" },
        "background_color": "#ebfaff",
        "text_color": "#000000"
    }],
    "order": ["NumberOfCAR","RegistrationDate","RuralPropertyName","Municipality","Latitude","Longitude","TotalArea","FiscalModules","ProtocolCode","CPF","HolderName","TotalDeclaredArea","AdministrativeEasementArea","NetArea","ConsolidatedArea","NativeVegetationRemnant","LegalReserveArea","PermanentPreservationArea","RestrictedUseArea"],
    "scope": "land_registry_vc_ldp",
    "credentialSubject": {
        "NumberOfCAR": {
            "display": [
                {
                "name": "CAR Registration Number",
                "locale": "en"
                }
            ]
        },
        "RegistrationDate": {
            "display": [
                {
                "name": "Registration Date",
                "locale": "en"
                }
            ]
        }
    }
   }
   ```
   
4. Response Structure: CredentialConfigResponse
   ```
   {
    "configId": "<UUID>",
    "status": "active"
   }
   ```

5. Test the well-known endpoint to ensure the new VC type is available:
   - Access the well-known endpoint: `http://localhost:8090/.well-known/credential-configurations`
   - Verify that the new VC type is listed in the response.
    
   
## Update mimoto config:
1. Add the new usecase to the `mimoto` config file located at [mimoto-issuers-config.json](../../docker-compose/docker-compose-injistack/config/mimoto-issuers-config.json):
     ```
     {
        "issuers": [
        {
            "credential_issuer": "Landregistry",
            "issuer_id": "Landregisrty",
            "protocol": "OpenId4VCI",
            "display": [
            {
            "name": "Landregistry Department",
            "logo": {
            "url": "https://mosip.github.io/inji-config/logos/agro-vertias-logo.png",
            "alt_text": "landregistry-logo"
            },
            "title": "Landregistry Department",
            "description": "Download Landregistry Credentials",
            "language": "en"
            }
            ],
            "client_id": "wallet-demo",
            "redirect_uri": "io.mosip.residentapp.inji://oauthredirect",
            "token_endpoint": "http://localhost:8099/v1/mimoto/get-token/Landregistry",
            "authorization_audience": "https://esignet-mock.collab.mosip.net/v1/esignet/oauth/v2/token",
            "proxy_token_endpoint": "https://esignet-mock.collab.mosip.net/v1/esignet/oauth/v2/token",
            "client_alias": "wallet-demo-client",
            "qr_code_type": "EmbeddedVC",
            "enabled": "true",
            "wellknown_endpoint": "http://certify-nginx:80/.well-known/openid-credential-issuer"
        }]
    }
     ```

Commit message:

[INJICERT-1246] Add reference to postgres plugin setup in main readme (#511)
* [INJICERT-1246] Add reference to postgres plugin setup in main readme

Signed-off-by: Piyush7034 <piyushshukla2100@gmail.com>

* [INJICERT-1246] Add descriptions for query terms

Signed-off-by: Piyush7034 <piyushshukla2100@gmail.com>

---------

Signed-off-by: Piyush7034 <piyushshukla2100@gmail.com>

docker-compose/docker-compose-injistack/Add-New-Usecase-Using-PostgresPlugin.md, after:

## Note: This Document is just a draft. More simplified setu steps will be added as an enhancement.
# Adding a new usecase to Docker Compose Injistack
This document outlines the steps to add a new usecase using the Postgres Data Provider Plugin to the Docker Compose setup for Injistack.

# Current Usecases
Current usecases include:

## Farmer Usecase:
1. Config file: [certify-csvdp-farmer.properties](../../docker-compose/docker-compose-injistack/certify-csvdp-farmer.properties)
2. Plugin Used: mock-certify-plugin
3. Plugin mode: `Data Provider`
4. Conditional Property Name: 
   - `mosip.certify.integration.data-provider-plugin` : `MockCSVDataProviderPlugin`
5. Mounted config file of the current usecase in the `docker-compose.yml` file under the `certify` service under `volumes` section:
   - Example:
     ```
     services:
       certify:
         ...
         volumes:
           - ./config/certify-postgres-landregistry.properties:/home/mosip/config/certify-farmer-csvdp.properties
     ```

## New Usecase Setup
## New usecase setup using Postgres Plugin:
1. Usecase Name: `Land Registry Usecase`
2. VC Types: `RegistrationReceiptCredential`, `LandRegistryCredential`

# Steps to Add a New Usecase
1. Add the property config file for the new usecase `certify-postgres-landregistry.properties` in the [config](../../docker-compose/docker-compose-injistack/config) directory.
2. Plugin to be used: `postgres-dataprovider-plugin`
3. Plugin mode: `Data Provider`
4. Conditional Property Name:
   - `mosip.certify.integration.data-provider-plugin` : `PostgresDataProviderPlugin`
5. Mount the config file of the new usecase by adding it to the `docker-compose.yml` file under the `certify` service under `volumes` section:
   - Example:
     ```
     services:
       certify:
         ...
         volumes:
           - ./config/certify-postgres-landregistry.properties:/home/mosip/config/certify-postgres-landregistry.properties
     ```
   
6. Update the `active_profile_env` to use the postgres-landregistry usecase by updating the following line to the `docker-compose.yml` file under the `certify` service under `environment` section:
   ```
   environment:
     - active_profile_env=default, certify-postgres-landregistry
   ```
   
7. **Add scope-to-query mapping in `certify-postgres-landregistry.properties`:**
   Define the property mosip.certify.data-provider-plugin.postgres.scope-query-mapping to map each credential scope to its corresponding SQL query for fetching data from PostgreSQL tables.
    ``` 
        mosip.certify.data-provider-plugin.postgres.scope-query-mapping={\
            'land_statement_vc_ldp': 'select * from statement_data where statement_id=:id',\
            'land_registry_vc_ldp': 'select * from registration_receipt_data where registration_id=:id'\
        }\
    ```
 - `Key`: Represents the credential scope (e.g., land_statement_vc_ldp, land_registry_vc_ldp).
 - `Value`: SQL query to retrieve data for that scope, using :id as a parameter.
 - `statement_id`: Primary key in the statement_data table.
 - `registration_id`: Primary key in the registration_receipt_data table.
 - `id`: A unique identifier used to fetch the specific record from the table. When esignet is the auth provider, this value is obtained from the sub claim in the access token, which typically corresponds to the UIN (Unique Identification Number).

# Add the scripts to create tables and insert data for the usecase specific tables.
1. In the [certify_init.sql](../../docker-compose/docker-compose-injistack/certify_init.sql) file, add the SQL scripts to create the necessary tables and insert data for the new usecase.
   ```
        CREATE TABLE CERTIFY.registration_receipt_data (
        ...
        );
   
       CREATE TABLE CERTIFY.statement_data (
        ...
        );
   
        INSERT INTO CERTIFY.registration_receipt_data 
        (...) 
        VALUES 
        (...);
   
        INSERT INTO CERTIFY.statement_data 
        (...) 
        VALUES 
        (...);
    ```

2. The id or primary key field for the above insert statements should be a valid UIN available in the mock-identity-system if using esignet as the auth provider.
   
2. Use the Credential-Config APIs to add new VC type to the credential_config table
    - Use the `POST /v1/credential-configurations` API to add the new VC type.
      ```
      "/credential-configurations": {
      "post": {
        "tags": [
          "credential-config-controller"
        ],
        "operationId": "addCredentialConfiguration",
        "requestBody": {
          "content": {
            "application/json": {
              "schema": {
                "$ref": "#/components/schemas/CredentialConfigurationDTO"
              }
            }
          },
          "required": true
        },
        "responses": {
          "200": {
            "description": "OK",
            "content": {
              "application/json": {
                "schema": {
                  "$ref": "#/components/schemas/CredentialConfigResponse"
                }
              }
            }
          }
        }
      }
      ```

3. Request Structure: CredentialConfigurationDTO
   ```
   {
    "credentialConfigKeyId": "RegistrationReceiptCredential",
    "vcTemplate": "",
    "keyManagerAppId": "CERTIFY_VC_SIGN_ED25519",
    "keyManagerRefId": "ED25519_SIGN",
    "signatureAlgo": "EdDSA",
    "context": [
        "https://www.w3.org/2018/credentials/v1",
        "https://mosip.github.io/inji-config/contexts/landregistry-registration-receipt-context.json"
    ],
    "credentialType": [
        "VerifiableCredential",
        "RegistrationReceiptCredential"
    ],
    "credentialFormat": "ldp_vc",
    "didUrl": "did:web:mosip.github.io:inji-config:dev-int-inji:landregistry-ed25519#key-0",
    "display": [{
        "name": "REGISTRATION RECEIPT OF THE RURAL PROPERTY IN CAR",
        "locale": "en",
        "logo": {
        "url": "https://mosip.github.io/inji-config/logos/agro-vertias-logo.png",
        "alt_text": "Registration Receipt Credential logo"
        },
        "background_image": { "uri": "https://mosip.github.io/inji-config/logos/agro-vertias-logo.png" },
        "background_color": "#ebfaff",
        "text_color": "#000000"
    }],
    "order": ["NumberOfCAR","RegistrationDate","RuralPropertyName","Municipality","Latitude","Longitude","TotalArea","FiscalModules","ProtocolCode","CPF","HolderName","TotalDeclaredArea","AdministrativeEasementArea","NetArea","ConsolidatedArea","NativeVegetationRemnant","LegalReserveArea","PermanentPreservationArea","RestrictedUseArea"],
    "scope": "land_registry_vc_ldp",
    "credentialSubject": {
        "NumberOfCAR": {
            "display": [
                {
                "name": "CAR Registration Number",
                "locale": "en"
                }
            ]
        },
        "RegistrationDate": {
            "display": [
                {
                "name": "Registration Date",
                "locale": "en"
                }
            ]
        }
    }
   }
   ```
   
4. Response Structure: CredentialConfigResponse
   ```
   {
    "configId": "<UUID>",
    "status": "active"
   }
   ```

5. Test the well-known endpoint to ensure the new VC type is available:
   - Access the well-known endpoint: `http://localhost:8090/.well-known/credential-configurations`
   - Verify that the new VC type is listed in the response.
    
   
## Update mimoto config:
1. Add the new usecase to the `mimoto` config file located at [mimoto-issuers-config.json](../../docker-compose/docker-compose-injistack/config/mimoto-issuers-config.json):
     ```
     {
        "issuers": [
        {
            "credential_issuer": "Landregistry",
            "issuer_id": "Landregisrty",
            "protocol": "OpenId4VCI",
            "display": [
            {
            "name": "Landregistry Department",
            "logo": {
            "url": "https://mosip.github.io/inji-config/logos/agro-vertias-logo.png",
            "alt_text": "landregistry-logo"
            },
            "title": "Landregistry Department",
            "description": "Download Landregistry Credentials",
            "language": "en"
            }
            ],
            "client_id": "wallet-demo",
            "redirect_uri": "io.mosip.residentapp.inji://oauthredirect",
            "token_endpoint": "http://localhost:8099/v1/mimoto/get-token/Landregistry",
            "authorization_audience": "https://esignet-mock.collab.mosip.net/v1/esignet/oauth/v2/token",
            "proxy_token_endpoint": "https://esignet-mock.collab.mosip.net/v1/esignet/oauth/v2/token",
            "client_alias": "wallet-demo-client",
            "qr_code_type": "EmbeddedVC",
            "enabled": "true",
            "wellknown_endpoint": "http://certify-nginx:80/.well-known/openid-credential-issuer"
        }]
    }
     ```
